I woke up this morning feeling the whole room is spinning when i was sitting down. I went to the bathroom walking unsteadily, as i tried to focus i feel nauseous. I try to vomit but it wont come out.. After taking panadol and sleep for few hours, i still feel the same.. By the way, if i lay down or sit down, my head do not spin, only when i want to move around then i feel the whole world is spinning.. And it is normal stomach discomfort at the same time? Earlier after i relieved myself, the spinning lessen so i am not sure whether its connected or coincidences.. Thank you doc!
My baby has been pooing 5-6 times a day for a week. In the last few days it has increased to 7 and they are very watery with green stringy bits in them. He does not seem unwell i.e no temperature and still eating. He now has a very bad nappy rash from the pooing ...help!
Hello, My husband is taking Oxycodone due to a broken leg/surgery. He has been taking this pain medication for one month. We are trying to conceive our second baby. Will this medication afect the fetus? Or the health of the baby? Or can it bring birth defects? Thank you.
lump under left nipple and stomach pain (male) Hi,I have recently noticed a few weeks ago a lump under my nipple, it hurts to touch and is about the size of a quarter. Also I have bern experiencing stomach pains that prevent me from eating. I immediatly feel full and have extreme pain. Please help
I have a 5 month old baby who is very congested with a terrible cough. Its rattly/raspy and croupy sounding cough. She started choking on her coughs and the mucous that has come up. She also has a fever and runny nose. Should i take her to urgent care?
I am F 38 in good shape work out (do triathlons) regular but have had back pain from different reasons throughout my life now I every so often wake up with severe lower back, hip pain for no reason. today the pain is almost taking my breathe away when i move. It is a dull pain when i am just lying down but the moment I make any sort of movement I have sharp and sometimes shooting pain down my legs.
sir, MY uncle has ILD-Interstitial Lung disease.from my research over google i found that the cause is important to be known. the cause wat i feel is due to breakage of acid bottle in bathroom which caused lot of smoke and that time he wasnot able to be normal for 15-20 minutes. then he was normal .may be that would have been the reason for this ILD. Please suggest wat we should do
my husband was working on a project in the house and all of a sudden a bump about the size of a half dollar appeard on his left leg inside below the knee. He is 69 years old and had triple by pass surgery 7 years ago. It stung when it first happened. Doesn t hurt now. He is seated with his leg ellevated. Is this an emergency?
hi my nine year old son had a cough and flu symptons three months ago and the chesty sounding cough and green phlegm still remains. it did seem to get better but never totally went and has now picked up again...he has only ever had antibiotics once in his live which suggests he his generally fitand well and active...never short of breath or weezy...so why would this be....
gyno problemsfor the past few months, I have been having issues with my vagina. there always seems to be something wrong with me. its either an infection or a yeast infection from the medication used to treat the previous infection or a herpes outbreak as a result of a yeast infection. most recently, I had a uti. I was treated for that and everything seemed fine, until after I finished the medication. it still hurt when I had sex and still is uncomfortable to pee. I dont know whats going on and this has been going on for months.
I have found that I have an allergy to leotensin. They have taken me off of everything....I found in the information that one side effect if the red skin lensions with a purple center. I was looking to see if there was anything I could do to help the spots go away. I am a dental hygienist and I will be working the next two days. Is there anything that would cover them, so the patients would not be aware???
Hi my name is Wendy I ve been having an issue for the last couple of months or so I been having severe pain in my lower back around the front into the groin area and its radiating down my thigh and so on I am currently a cancer patient nobody seems to be able to tell me what it could be the pain is so bad that it brings tears to my eyes would you possibly know what it could be or might be
hye, My aunt is having shortness of breath and she is on vent now. Her breast showed some kind of infection that apparently turned out to have black blisters. I could she those spreading. When we went for lungs x-ray doctor said she has accumulation of water in her lungs
i am 28 yrs old, i got married before 6 year, i was infected by pulmonary tuberculosis before 6 years, i took treatment for 6 months after that i statred gainig weigt, my periods was irredulat, i increased nearlt 20 kgs after that, now my weight is 75 kgs, i trying to conceive, i took tsh, other blood test too, but everything is normal, do i have the chances to conceive
I sprained my foot on Friday. I stepped on what I thought was lawn. Instead I was a bit on the lawn, but the outside of my foot snapped down into a trough. My foot has been swollen since Friday. Today is Thursday. Kept ice on it for 24 hours. Bruising started after that, Now bruising is spreading. It is really dark on my toes. Pain is on outside of my foot, not on my ankle.
hi, i have been recently diagnosed with H pylori.. i have been give the triple treatment of calithramycin, amoxxicilin and omeprazole.. is dis something very serious and does this have some long term implications etc.can u plz give some detailed information about Hpylori. thnx
I had a alt reading about 2+ months ago of 43 then retested today and got a 60 alt reading my other readings came back normal should I be concerned?Im 40 years 5ft 3 and weigh 192albs have a history of chronic vertigo and insomnia, and chronic sinus problems. I take valium 5 mg 4 times a day, fluticansone 2 puffs each nose once a day, qvair two puffs twice a day to prevent weasing, claritin for allergies, and I do sinus rinses as needed. I am female.My doctor says none of the medicine has liver side effects, and I dont drink alcohol but a sip on the rare occasion. He thinks it could be do my weight and Im working on this with gradual exercise when Im able too. Should I be worried with this test result? I had one other result that was high my triglcyerides read 198 ? WWW.WWWW.WW
i had surgery done 5 months ago for scar tissue and adhesion removal. my gynecologist just found a cyst on my right ovary. im still having problems, when my husband and i have sex i get severe cervical pain and afterward i get abdominal cramps severe enough i get light headed, also i get abdominal pain and rectal pain before and during a bowel movement, i also get abdominal pain during urination. im 26 years old. what could it be?
Hi, I had a subarachnoid bleed and coiling of brain aneurysm last year. I am having some major bilateral temple pain along with numbness that comes and goes in my left arm/hand/fingers. I have had headaches since the aneurysm, but this is different. Also, my moods have been horrible for the past few weeks.
Almost everytime I eat, it burns when I swallow. Not in my throat but in my chest. It burns all the way down. It helps a lil if I drink water after I swallow. I wake up a lot in the middle of the night with heartburn so I chew some tums and it helps for the most part. Why is it so painful when I eat?
for the pst  6 days  i have been haing  upper  abdome  distress ...  i have had gall bladder  surgery  2 yrs  ago ..in the past  2  yrs  when i get these bouts  .. i go to  emerg  they run cardiograms  xrays ,blood work ,all comes back normal  ...im stressing out  over this  as im  scared every time it happens  im having a heart  attack  wht is it  ?
I have a hole its about the size of a dime at the beggining of my butt crack (gross I know) but Im just wondering how to get rid of it at home I put anti bacterial on it with a q - tip it sizzles but nothing comes out or changes . What do I do ? (At home )
Dear Doctor, We are trying to have a baby and gave it a big try this time but as we are planning to go for an Invitro (ICSI) for the next period, my doctor gave me Primolut Not from day 16 to day 25. I am wondering if this will have a negative impact on my pregnancy if I am pregnant because as explained we gave it a big try this time. Thank you in advance for your response. With my Best Regards; Mme Sue
Hello, I am in the middle of a serious anxiety/panic attack as I just became aware that I may have a tetanus infection. I am a senior at Clemson University and to be honest the apartment where I resided in the past four months was extremely unsanitary. One toilet was clogged for nearly two months which I now know could have bred bacterial spores that cause tetanus infections. I cut myself shaving around 1 1/2 months ago. I was out of razors and used a razor that had been sitting in the bathroom with the clogged up toilet I mentioned above. I did clean the razor with rubbing alcohol before use however I had an open wound on my face for a while.. About a week. For about a month now I have been feeling extremely irritable, experiencing lockjaw symptoms, been short of breath, had fevers on and off, heart palpitations, and I have noticed that when I smile my face contorts into what one would call a sardonic smile. Am I going to die? Please let me know your opinion
Hi hope you can helpive been getting chest pains, not severe but a constant pain, can happen when im just resting but has also happened when im exercising, it continues through to my back as well. I sometimes wake up with chest pains too. i have a strong history of heart disease. grandfather died at 26 from a heat attack and mother had one at 45, also grandmother on the other side had a heart attack. Could you please explain what is happening? Thanks
Im 28 year old and suffering from male baldness pattern. I started using RICHFEEL tricology centres saw palmetto treatment but it didnt help, then I tried Minoxidil 5%  but discontinued it after 12 days after having some side effects (some tiny boils on my forehead). Kindly suggest me which medicine i should take.
I too fell and hurt my left side of my chest. I have a large lump and I am very black and blue. I need to fly out on Sunday this fall happen last Sunday. I have been taking aleve for pain and arnica gel. Should I be worried about the flight? I am 70 Thank you,
I have had a few small hard painless bumps where my cheek goes to my gums. this may sound terrible but they have been there, the same size & number for about a year if I remember correctly (scratch that, I just talked with a friend of mine & remebered they have been there for four years) & I have yet to tell my dentist about them. any thoughts? I am a 16 yr. old male & have used snuff habitually before, for only a few years but none the less.
my mother is 80 yrs. detected with vulva cancer. vulva is swollen red ,around discolourisation, white growth now extending to rectum. biopsy shows keratinizing squamous carcinoma vulva(welldifferentiated,invasive).she is little asthmatic, has cervical spondeolytis .
Suddenly this morning I got really excruciating lower right back pain. I was standing in the kitchen and it came on suddenly. It s the lower right side. It does not go down in the my legs it s just isolated to my back. I have no nausea or no blood in my urine. Any idea on what it could be?
Hey I am on my third antibiotic and still coughing and my ribs are killing me especially right side. Doc claims it is viral cough syndrome left over from bronchitis . I do not think so. No fever the whole time. Xray was clear on lungs. Taking mucinex, third antibiotic, inhaler and can not get better. Ulcers in mouth and my face in breaking out bad. Been sick since December 28,2012.
Hi My mrs has this heart murmur, which is causing the blackouts, and she has panic attacks. Yesterday the doctor was quite concerned at how her blood pressure was so high, and then a couple of weeks go when she had her smear, it was too low. She has now got this bruising appearing around her lower back too, and i don t know how its been caused. I m really worried about her. Is this seriouse?
I am on metformin 1000mg bid for pcos & was prescribed Percocet 10/650 for a severely displaced fracture needing surgery. I drink a glass of red wine nightly for heart heglth Bhc cardiac disease runs in my family... Should I be concerned a our elastase liver function test? I am also on Zoloft 150 daily, adderall 30mg bid & clonazepam as needed who I take a few night a a week
I stopped taking microgestin, mid-pack, on 12/5/13 after being on it for 2 1/2 months. I had withdrawal bleeding 12/9/13 - 12/13/13.I was supposed to get my period 1/5/14 but i am late. Before birth control my cycles were always regular and always 28-29 days. My boyfriend and i have been using the pullout method frequently before and after stopping the pill. Could i be pregnant?
I am going through Jaundice due to Hepatitis E, my stomach has gone too much weak, at time a lot of acidity. I was in hospital for 5 days but now feeling much better then before and my Total bilirubin has come down to 5 and liver enzymes are around 1400. Body is too much fluctuating, at times i feel better and at times i feel pathetic. I am on complete rest, at times i walk around else not much of physical work. I am taking monolive but i can see Liv52 is more famous, should i change that?
My family has recently gotten the scabies mite... WE have cleaned our house top to bott om with hot soapy water, Rid, Used a cleaner on carpet/couch. we treated ourselfs with Permethern cream, Eurax, and i have used tea tree oils, poroxide, etc. Everyone but me and a older son has kicked it. I have went as far as sanding my skin....My question is what do I do to rid it once and for all SAFETLY! I was told Borax in a tub ....is that safe? HELP
Hi, didn t expect to get a real person, but since your are here, I will tell you about symptoms I have been having. I think they are panic or anxiety attacks, but who knows. I get a tight feeling in the back of my head that moves to my temples then down into my throat and eventually down the middle of my chest. I get very emotional when this happens and after all that, I can t catch my breath and my heart beats really fast. It usually goes away in 2 or 3 minutes, if I can sit down and concentrate on my breathing. I recently had an MRI and my heart was found to be OK......any ideas????
I fell on uneven sidewalk on July 3rd and hurt my knee: I had no problem walking and I didn t have much pain just bruising on my knee with tenderness. Now as the bruising is entering the purple/green phase I am starting to get a lot of swelling in my calf and ankle- what should I do ??
Dear doctor, i am 33 male recently i have undergone pre employment medical check up and it was found that i have sgpt- 194 except this all test are absolutely normal test includes 1) CBC2. ESR and liver test 3. Urine Routine 4. Blood Group & Rh Factor 5. X-ray (Chest)6. General Physical Examination7. Fasting Blood Sugar &Post Prandial Blood Sugar8. Total Cholesterol9. ECG10. Serum Creatininenow they have advised me to got my ultrasound done full abdomen. i have got it done today and every thing is normal and they found mild fatty liver. Another thing i want to share that i was suffering from loose motions and was on Ofloxacin-200mg with ornidazole500mg B.D dosage (oflox OZ )medication for 2days and continued ofloxacin-200 B.D dosage (oflox) for another 3days as was suffering cold and cough also.now i need to go to gastro doctor to get the ultrasound reports checked. Just want to know what could be the reason for this elevated SGPT and will i get the clearance for joining new company.what should i do to lower my SGPT levels?? and what diet i should follow i am not a heavy drinker just take drinks occasionally and i am not fond of junk food as well.
Hello, My name is Wanda I am a 40year old female with type one diabetes (have had it for 7 years ) I have had a tooth infection in my gums for honestly on and off for about 2 years it swells up then bursts with yellowish clear pus above a tooth which needs to be pulled. I have felt like Ive had a sinus cold for the past few weeks and then discovered a sore on the inside of my left nostil.. could they be connected
I had a partial root canal roughly 36 hours ago on my lower left rear molar (wisdom teeth extracted years ago).  The doctor drilled out the pulp (noting that it was mostly dead) and put on a temporary filling until the root canal specialist could see me.  Now, about 36 hours later, Im in quite a bit of pain again, both on the tooth that was operated on and in a molar on the top of my jaw and in the back jaw muscle.  My neck is rather swollen too and is tender to the touch.  I have plans to travel tomorrow by plane to see some family and go diving.  Is my condition something that requires immediate attention?  Should I not be flying or diving?
My doctor had issue with finding the baby during my transvaginal ultrasound is that because I had to pee she could see the yoke sac and I measured 9 weeks but what she thought was the baby was measuring 7 weeks. I am just worried and want to know if that interfered
I hit a volleyball this after with the underside if my hand (made a fist) it bent my wrist backward causing pain. Now about 7 hrs later it is still very painful to my hand backwards and all to put pressure on my wrist. These are fairly sharp pains. It does not hurt to pick things up or grip most objects. There is only pain when I move my hand. Thank you.
I have a pacemaker, due to atrial fibrillation, and have been put on coumadin. It does not seem to thin my blood, and am on 750 mg a day, and it makes me nauseous and extremely dizzy, to the point where I can t function. Are there any foods that help thin the blood? Also, do fish oils help or hinder the thinning process? I would really like to take less medication and get results that are favorable.
My younger brother liver & spleen got enlarged. Hepatitis B&C found in blood. Mild ascitis & SOL on both lube of liver found. His age is 15. Weight is 28 kg. He is having serious less appetite. I am attaching the all the reports. Please advice us how to proceed and the exact condition of the patient.Here two doctors said he will need a full liver transplantation...
Hi Over the past 2 days I have had a sore jaw on the right side only. Doesn t feel sore on the outside of my face, but extremely tender on the tendon that attaches jaw together. Inside of cheek also appears swollen. Right side of tongue feels strange, and slightly sore to swallow also. I m 40 but my wisdom teeth never came in, could this be a cause?
Hi, Can anyone give me the solution for Aplastic Anemia ? my 4 years old daughter suffering from Aplastic anemia since April 2010. Regards, Vinod
I HAVE HAD SEVERAL TIAS BEFORE THE AGE OF 40 AND JUST RECENTLY I HAD DIFFICULTIES ORGANSIZING MY THOUGHTS AND THEN TRYINGTO SAYING WHAT WAS IN MY BRAIN HAPPENED APRIL 15 AND THEN THE NEXT DAY WHEN I ANSWERED THE PHONE WERE I VOLUNTEERED IT HAPPENED AGAIN; I COULD NOT SAY GOOD AFTERNOON SHIRLEY SPEAKING HOW MAY I HELP YOU. ANY SUGGESTIONS WHAT I WAS EXPERIENCING?
My son is 1 yr 8 months old...he is not walking on his own...so dr suggested MRI n MRI report shows .ventricular system appears mildly prominent,normal in shape position and signal morphology,cisternal and sulcal spaces are mildly prominent,small faint hyperintense areas noted in bilateral periventricular frontal and Pareto occipital regions.rests things are normal....pls tell me wat does it means
Hi. My 18month old has had red and swollen eyes for about 5 days. I took him to his doctor and they have no idea what is wrong. His eye itself is unaffected. It seems to be isolated to the outside of the eye (eye lid, and beneath. Just last night he broke out in a rash all over his body. I need ANSWERS badly. Can you help?
I fell down three stairs on my buttocks, when I got up I almost passed out I ran to my bed and waited till I felt better. I have been feeling nauseated since then and cant stand for a long period of time without feeling like im going to be sick. It is also painful to sit. Im on blood thinners what should I do?
Do you take multiple chemical sensitivities seriously and understand how debilitating fragrance chemicals are? Do you think there is always an under-lying cause for scent sensitivity/allergy (yes, I have allergic reactions to dryer sheets like Bounce and Scent Boosters)ie rash hot prickly skin, swelling of tongue, extreme thirst... do you think (my) immune system was already compromised or do you think the neurotoxic petro chemicals in fragrance products alone can cut a person s life down to the knees overnight?
dear doctor, in hot and humid weather my 5 year old get some sort of pimples here and there on her body....i hv put her on homeopathy and also put spirit on it which prevents pimple from growing further....shown her to her paeditrician who saying she just has sensitive skin and hasnt given her medicine...homeopathy is specifically for staphlococci bacteria.....doctor feels i dnt need a blood test....will the problem go away in a few days with homeopathy and spirit application...i worry abt extreme situations like bacteia contaminating blood etc....am i just overdoing it as she absolutely fine and no fever or discomfort....she tuchwud fine and just sweats a lot due to humidity.....pl tell is this common in kids and any cause to worry...hope nothing infects blood as no major medication gvn by doctor
Hello its since 11 days that we had unprotected sex on 7 may though I ejaculated outside bt m feeling tensed about this. Her last period was on 22nd April. She had vomited in these days though it had stopped now. Am very tensed and shes also. What should we do.? Can we avail pregnancy urine test at home now. Its 18 may today n she normally mensturates at 26 days interval......help us.
My son had fits in his sleep at early morning for the first time. He is 8 years 5 months old. Fits was around 3 minutes and he went to unconsious later for another 2 to 3 minutes. When he got conscious he does not remember any. He was having veeze problems from few days and was on medication. We checked in the family and cleared not a heridity issue. I am very concerned and seeking your help to understand the situation.
My dog bit my 12 years old son. He had his 0 and 3 days shots he just need to come back for the seventh day does he needs to finish all his shots? And my dog doesnt have a rabis shot yet on he day he bit my son because his only 2 months and 3 weeks but a week later we let him have his rabis shot what are the signs I need to look for my dog and how long do I need to observe the dog
Hi, i ve been on the Noriday pill for 10 months now (i was on the Depo Injection prior to it), i started having heavy periods at the start of December and i m on my fourth period now. Is this normal for this pill? The reason i went on this particular one was because it was similiar to the Depo Injection. I didnt get any periods with the Depo.
my father is diagnosed with kidney cancer in july last yr, he got his left kidneyremoved and was given target therapy starting from nexavar .after 6 months PAT scan showed slight increase in disease and was put onsecond med which further detiorated the condition .....causing utter weakness as a result med was discontinuedfor a week which further worsened the condition .....again fluid in lungs and now speech is also not clear ....brain CT was done n some cells were found.....as a result radiation therapy was given for 10 days ....it gave positive results along with med VOTRIENT....everything remained fine for a month but today he had a fit type condition and lost his speech for sometime so Doc pls guide what next PAT SCAN is due in june first week.
I fell over at work 3 weeks ago and hit the bottom of my back on a wooden floor and I have been in so much pain since, I was signed off work for 2 weeks by a doctor and just got back into work and it has made it worse, I can barely walk now and my back keeps seizing up. what should I do?
Hi, I have a bump on the top of my helix where usually a piercing would be, but i never had a piercing before, just informing you where this bump is. It looks like a blister, but it doesn t hurt. I don t know how long it s been there. If you could please tell me what it might be that would be great! Thank You.
At lest once or twice a week my arms chest feel hot and tingling ...times I get just swollen arms and tingling on one side of my face....what causes this ..thanks....I have been on depression medication and blood pressure meds..Never been sick ....used to workout but I am a product of the recession so stress is a big part of my lifethanks
Hi i am suffering from ring worm on wrist, ankle, groin infection from last 8 months now and had taken medices like TerbestGrisODKenz LevosisAF 150 and used external creams like Cansten SBrutnaskin BMSercos..every tablet has temporary effect one i stop it come back again ....pls help
My baby is 3 month old. She cannot sleep at night.she feels sleepy, so when she is on our lap she is sleeping ,,but when we are trying to put her down in bed , she wakes up.,please let me know the solution of this. We have also checked whether her nose are blocked or not . But she is not having blocked nose.
hi doc.. my child is 4 1/2 yr old boy, past 15 days his poops are little abnormal, just after eating or drinking milk he is passing his stools, normally he goes only once or max twice a day, but now he goes around 4-5 times a day, he happened to eat uncooked chicken when he was on vaccation, day next there is this abnormal change and bad smell coming through his mouth. when consulted pediatric, he gave cepodom 100 mg for 5 days, but still the problem continues and today my child happened to vomit this evening. pl suggest as what to do.
Hi. I have a history of kidney stones and I recently just passed another stone back in December. I woke up today, though, in terrible pain. I feel like Im going to vomit, like something tight is gagging me around my neck. Im very hot. There is blood in my stool and I dont think Im going to leave the bathroom any time soon. Could this be another kidney stone? Or is the blood in my stool from something else? Your response is very important to me. Please and thank you!
I feel as though there is a liquid near the surface of my upper left chest muscle near the arm pit that burns when I lean foreword in a standing position. The burn is very intense like a white hot iron is slouching in that area. just started 4 hours ago and is increasing in area. feels liquid in nature, but i feel no bump and it may be inside rib at that location? do not feel it by putting finger pressure in general area.
I have noticed that I ve been getting these sore reddish spots with a white ring around them on my tounge.the spot on my tounge is reddish with a white ring around it and the other 3 are bigger patches on the back of my tounge but there not red,they do have a white ring around them nd they look as if I been eating to much sour stuff which I have not.the only one that is slightly painful is the reddish one on the tip of my tounge,what could this be and should I be worried? They come and go
Hello Sir, I have skin allergy to avoid itching i have to take cetrizine alternate day.because cetrize i feel sleepy and cozy , is there any treatment for this permanently. Please advice i am facing this problem for last 5 years i am 32 years old man.
My cellulitis has existed for about 4 months. The warmth and redness have disappeared but the swelling is still here, though has diminished quite a bit. Tightness still in my ankle and sometimes some pain. I do put my leg up often and use a compression stocking. Antibiotics have not been effective. Used a topical homeopathic ointment which seemed to help. Doesn t seem to be caused by an infection;most probably an autoimmune condition as I had my thyroid removed 5 yrs. ago with resultant fatigue. I m 87, 5 5 . I read recently that I should stay in bed most of the time with my leg up. Is that really necessary? Will this condition go away eventually? How can I improve my autoimmune condition?
Hi Sir, My mother is 68yeasr old, and from very recently from 1year she got into wheesing and continious coughing, feeling chest heaviness, my mother had check x-ray and PFT which is normal, and she is been adviced to take omnacartil medicine but with this medicie she getting very week. is there any other medicine to get rid of this wheezing and couphing problem... she is also taking Asthalin nebulisation but this was giving her a temporary healing and again the cough and wheezing is back... please suggest
Hi Good MorningI am 33 years old IT professional working in Bangalore India. My wife has some health issue....1. She could not walk much...legs get swell2. hair falling 3. Digestion problem.4. She does not sleep properly.5. we both smoke. 2-3 perday sharing.6. weakness7. and very enger and rigid.Please help me out how to work out to increase her hemoglovin... and other ...?
hi today like 5 hours ago i climbed a rusty net and i have 3 verry verry tiny scratches on my hand... if im infected by tentanus can i go tomorrow instead of today? because its 1:30am right now...or it can infect me permanently untill tomorrow? i am 15 years old
My 3 year old daughter complains headache and throat pain since yesterday. Shes also having a hard time sleeping right now. She doesnt have fever but shes asking for blanket, telling me shes cold but were in a tropical-hot country and its really humid-hot right now, so Im really concerned if shes alright.
Hello, I recently developed a very itchy penis which when I itch, leads to red patchs which sometimes become red and glossy. It is very irritable and causes pain when i have intercourse. I also have developed itchy thighs.. It started just at the top and has now developed over most of my thighs. The itching comes and goes and shows in small patches , not lumps but itchy red spots. i am worried that it is an std as i have had a lot of unprotected sex recently (lesson learnt) but the symptoms don t relate to any std so i m puzzled!? i also have what i thought was joggers nipple? very itchy nipple and also my face sometimes has dry patches on the eyelids and near the hair receding line? It has been going on for the last 3 months and as i m still in China and not a native speaker, i can t really find any treatment or diagnosis. please help?
Hi, I was just at the dentist and they discovered a black area on the left lower jaw area below my teeth and they called me back and said I should go get a CT scan. I am 23 years old and otherwise healthy, is cancer the only thing this could be? I had a root canal re done last year on that same side but this black area isnt underneath that tooth it is along the other ones next to it.
Good Morning,When i was cleaning toilet,I have mixed Harpic and Bleach almost 250 Ml,It created  a  fume and i exposed in it,almost 3 hrs i was sneezing and coughing and felt dizziness,Now its almost one moth over,But still i am sneezing ang coughing in the morning and night time with heavily clogged nose and extreme amouunt of puss/cougChatDoctores from nose as well.Is it a disease caused by the exposure.Kindly let me know.
Hi, I am 19 year old and have been mastubrating since the age of 8. I am a bit light weight for my age and also, my back pains a lot. Is it due to mastubration? Cause i have a healthy diet and was born very healthy. And how should I overcome these effects.
I HAVE GONE THROUGH LAB TEST ,THE RESULT SERUM T.CHOLESTEROL IS 229mgs/dl AND SERUM TRIGLYCERIDES IS 304gms/dl what kind of treatment shall i follow to control the cholesterol in my body what are the steps to be followed, pl mail me sir.                                                ThanksK.Ganeshmurthy
I have been on the birth control Kelnor 1/35 for a few years now and it has work great. Just this past month, my doctor without telling me put me on Zovia 1/35. I read that these two are similar but I am now noticing my thoughts upsetting me, over thinking, and thinking my feelings have changed for someone or something when just a week ago when I first took this new pill, I was fine. This does not feel like myself and I am becoming very overwhelmed and upset.  Do you think it is because of the switch?
Hi, My brother goes angioplasty at the age of 33 years at May-2010. Now he is feeling pain now after 5 month. He consult with doctor, he is saying nothing to worry. Please advice how we can know how much he has block edge know...pls suggest, this is urgent.
Isn t it true that sharp pain in one s right shoulder could indicate parasites in the small and/or large intestines (i.e. amoebic dysentery) which could be seen by the host (amoebic cysts and trophozoites...all stages of development) in one s stool, cause bloating, gas, stomach distention, terrible abdominal pain, diarrhea, constipation and progressively get worse if not treated with the appropriate antibiotics and eventually cause the death of the host? Fact or Fiction: Amoebic dysentery has been eradicated in North America. Amoeba and trophozoites cannot be seen by the naked eye. Amoeba generally float on top of the toilet water, easily visible. Standard O&P lab tests cannot detect amoebas and trophozoites. The infected stool must be submitted to a lab that has the special equipment and appropriately trained personnel in order to detect amoebic dysentery disease. Two or more antibiotics will be necessary to eliminate such parasites; long term if the host has been infected over a long period of time. Thank you, Edward DeBusman
i have had many signs and symptoms of pregnancy like a lte period getting sick the veins on my sides are very noticable and on my arms and chest and legs but i took a test it came back negative and then i was a week late but after that i got my period. is there any way i could still be pregnant? i also have leg cramps and pains in my arms too
I normally get panic attacks, but decided to learn to control them without the use of medication . Besides that, I Always feel dizzy, like im floating.. the room will spin out of no where like I got up to fast.. it happens everywhere, Especially if im in crowded or loud places. I hardly drink water. im 5 7 130lbs male. Sometimes, I feel like im so full and its hard to breath , as if my lungs are full of bricks, and I have only a tiny space for air. I get tired really easy.. but I work from home.. on the computer. I don t drink or smoke . ... I am just tired of being dizzy all the time.. I don t feel myself at all and havent been for 8 moths. I do, however have alot of stress in my life as well. any help ?
For the past 8 months or so when I start my menstrual period a lump appears in my lower left abdomen. And the lump is very painful at times. Sometimes it hurts so bad I cannot walk. I went to two different ers and they said it was hematomen. If its a bruise then why is it reoccurring? Can you please help me find out what is reallywrong and how I csn get it treated
My husband started taking Maetanx about 3 - 4 weeks ago, which was prescribed by his dr.  He had not been taking any meds for neuropathy at the time because so far none of the meds he was prescribed helped.  Now, the pain seems to be worse than when he was not taking anything for the pain.  Should we call the dr. and stop taking Metanx or give it more time.  When I talked to  at nurse at the company where we had to get the prescription she said it could take 3 weeks to 4 months for it to take affect but should it get worse before it gets better?
I am a 35 year old male and own a landscape business for 2 years, for the last 6 weeks It has become difficult for me to get through half the day without becoming exhausted (low energy that comes on fairly sudden, slightly shakey, foggy mind kinda like im in a dream) I have cut my hours back and have had employees make up the difference, thinking maby I am working to hard, energy still cuts out half way thru the day. I have had some life changes (seperation, moving to new house, extra debt to support expanding business)but nothing I would consider unmanageable. Any advice? I have setup a health exam with my doctor in September? Could this be physical or phsychological? Any advice from past experiencees?Thanks!
i have  friend that was bitten in his calf about 2 weeks ago by a dog. at first it swelled up and he was barely able to walk on it.  he has been home treating it with antibiotic ointment and peroxide, and bandages. the holes are still open and parts of it are yellowish.  what would you suggest?
Hi, I have taken a solid hit to my lower back on my left side (I think my kidney) it has been painful for 2 weeks now and is sore mostly when I bend or apply tension to the muscles in that area. I have not urinated blood Improvement in past 2 weeks seems minimal Please advise
yes pleaseiv had broken / abcess teeth since fourteen early fifteen now im twenty three and tooth decay has spread progressively facial swelling and jaw pains have have also been an issue  and I always dealt with it my self impoverished family nother story nother time as I say but all ways self medicated scalpels or suringes grew up on farm animal supplies and had a small knowledge of veterinarian procedures dealing with abcess and lesions and felt I could deal with it but in the last few years most molars or wisdom teeth have gone aswell even with more than average brushing the entire time have about three exposed pulp cores and the lumps below ear have always rehealed once opened and or squeezed out by hand some times with great strain on my hands "poped like pimple" but scar tissue gets ever harder and larger about the size of half dollar easily noticed just below ear right next to upper jaw bone could these things berelatedif so should an er dr be able to see this?
im sick. ive been sick for weeks. two weeks ago, i went to the doctor and they said i had a sinus infection. they perscribed amoxcillin and i took it until my perscription was done. but now, ive been continually sick... right now, my left side of my neck hurts bad and my hearing is funny in my left ear. plus, ill get occassionall really bad pains in my head, like a severe headache
Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ?  Please type your query here I am 65 years old and for the past 12 months I have had a persistant cough that is quite forceful. It makes my ees water and I am quite short of breathe for a period of time after.  The secretions I clear and thick with bubbles in it.  I am also very tired.  Please can you give me some insight?
My grandmother who is 87 had an injury to her nose as result of falling out of her wheelchair.  She did lose alot of blood due to blood thinner.  This accident ocurred 2 weeks ago.  She is doing better but her H&H levels are low 8.2 was 8.7 2 days ago and 25.2%   They want to send her for blood transfusions but I have read risks and not confident this is the way to go.  They are taking her blood daily and they took it this morning hence the lower levels and they started her back on coumedin therapy too.  Can her H&H levels be lower in the am?
Hi ! Am 29 had endo yrs Severe period pain every month I never much of a life whilest on my period cant work eat or do anything to help myself ,nothing worked , found out I had pulmonary Endometriosis had surgery on my lungs few months ago then 2 weeks ago I had a laparscopy treatment for my end and Fibroid cyst , been married for 5 yrs we really want to start a family now can I get pregnant?
Hi, I am going through a severe back pain. Actually really dont know where is the pain ? about 3 years back I was performing n i fell from d back stage from that day onwards I have this pain.i have consulted few doctors but no one could find what was the problem,all they gave was a vaccination for pain relief.some times the pain increases few days before i get my periods.the pain is so severe that I cant stand, walk or sit.
my son who is 4 and about 38lbs. has been complaining of a stomach ache right around his navel and has thrown up several times( all liquid looking vomit). He has complained some about a headache and at one point it felt as though he had a slight fever though has been hard to tell his whole body has felt hot most of the day. When I gave him a bath to try and help him feel better he got out of the tub with teeth chattering and his whole body shaking like he was freezing but he felt warm to the touch! What is wrong with him. I have given him fever reducer.
My brother-in-law aged 61 years old diagnosed with 2 blocks in the heart and also a block in right way of passage to kidney and advised for bypass surgery. He has the history of Hypertention, Diabetics for a decade also suffers from gastric ulcers. Some of our well wishers contemplating on going for KEELEYs method of treatment to avoid surgery. Can you please give details about this method and how far it is successful as an alternative to bypass surgery. Thank you very much. P. Srinivasulu / INDIA.
hi i m 18 and female and i had sex the 25th and 26th of December..i got kind of scared at first thinking i could have gotten pregnant but once my period came on the 3rd of January my worries disappeared. I thought it was a little strange that it was only about 3-4 days long..normally mine are around 5-6 with spotting afterwards and leakage with tampons no matter the strength..this time however there was no spotting or leaking whatsoever..but i didn t think much of it now about the 17th i noticed a dull cramp in my lower stomach that would come and go and it did this til the 20th, on the 20th the cramp has stayed and increased, i did noticed that i ve been eating alot even when i m not hungry for the past week and my stomach looks bloated and my breasts are tender and i ve been urinating ALOT and usually i only go about 2-3 a day now i don t even have to drink anything and ill go 7 times a day easily if not more..pregnant? or not? PLEASE HELP IMMEDIATELY.....
hi, i have just got bitten to my year old dog 10 min ago. this morning he was seeming like he was panting and panting and breathing very heavily. We gave him water but he still did it. Now the bite feels tingily and its like its beating.I already put poroxide on. Do you know if this is normal or what to do?
pcod irregular periods 37x31mm cyst in LT ovary on11july its my first day. 7x7mm inRTovary and 11x12mm inLT ovary on22 july 12day. 11x12mm inRTovary and 8x9mm inLT ovary on27july 17day. 1 what does this mean? 2 IS ovulation happen this time? 3 slow and late growth of follicle as in my case .ISany chance of getting preganant? 4 what to do now? 5 plssssssssssss answer soon
I had a wisdom tooth extracted nearly 3 weeks ago. unfortunately some of the block went into my jaw muscle and I now have trismus. More alarming though is that my facial muscles feel very much weekened and smiling is an effort. Also I have had twitching above my lip and up cheek and under eye. I am very concerned as I am a music teacher. please help
Why does husband have saggy balls that hang low and can t seem to last long when having sex? Seems like he gets off within 5 minutes and he claims he can t or don t know how to last longer, even though I ve told him some techniques to try but still says he can t and/or don t know how. His balls aren t full and firm either like my ex s were. Also have been trying to conceive for a long time and have not had any success, what is going on??? How to know if he is even ejaculating sperm and not just semen/fluid, what is the difference. Healthy sperm should be white or more yellowish??? Really need some help please......
My kid is 2 years 11 months old.. She frequently getting cold, cough and ear infection.... I vusited doctor 4 times.. In these 4 months.. Even after using antibiotics it is not completely cured.So i am looking for good medicine for my kid.She is going to day care.i never face this issue before this winter.
Hi,I have a toothache pain in my one of my bottom teeth  no dentist open for 2 days can you please recommend best pain killers to take i plan on visiting my pharmacist who may be able to give me emergency antibiotics tomorrow  I have ponstan for my migraines available at home not sure this may be effective
I have been suffering from a herniated disc for the past 3 years now.  3 months ago I suffered some excruciating pain from this condition.  The pain went away after about 24hrs but ever since then I have been walking with a slight limp, I have very little strength in my right calf and my lower leg swells up every day after walking for about an hour.
very last tooth on the left side bottom had broken also had a cavity it my dentis repair cavity and file tooth down next step will be a crown well i have been experiencing servere pain, June 21 toke two ADVILS right after my stomach became upset chin became numb and little tingling on lower bottom left lip, dentist took exray yesterday and told me my gum is infected put me on AMOX TR-K CLV 875-125MG TAB, I go back on june 25th If infection clear a little dentist is going to open tooth up and put pain medicine down in tooth  is this a good idea.
Hi iI have been diagnoed with thymic cancer, I do not like to take the drugs for pain that are prescribed,as they have side effects that are harsh.So instead i have been taking ibuprophen .for abot 4 months ,as dosage recommended, I have beenexperiencing respitory issues lately and wonder if this is the cause.I have been doing radiation and chemo treaments ,it has shown improvement in all aspects except for my breathing .I read an article on cleveland clinic facebook this mourning that said this might be why,,,...Thoughts  on this please?                                                                                                                                                                              ths   ccsc
My husband had a spinal cord injury in Sept. 2013 which left him paralyzed and unable to urinate on his own for one month. He is now walking with a cane and can urinate on his own but still not properly. He is on Flomax to help. He is also on water pills because his legs will swell up. An emg showed nerve damage. My question is his shins are very shiny and they occasionally blister or split open even when his legs do not look swollen. This is a great concern to me. Even though he does not work or walk around like he used to, he is certainly not sitting around all day like he was when he was first injured. Any ideas?
I am a 48 years married woman. My USG shows liver is enlarged with heterogenous parenchymal echopattern. Intra hepatic billary channels are not dialated. No focal solid or cystic SOL seen. Lever span at mid clavicular line is 15.3 cm. what does it mean?
Hi! I just changed into my pajamas and noticed that I have many (somewhere around 15) small bruises on the insides and backs of my thighs. In the past few days, I have done nothing that might cause these. It s happened a few times in the past, but not often. A few days ago, I started having a sore throat and I was wondering if there could be any corrolation. I cannot remember if the last time this happened was during a time at which I had a sore throat. So far, no unexplained bruising has occured on my stomach, back, chest , etc and very rarely on my arms (though I assume that it s only unexplained because I don t remember hitting something). However, the bruises which have just appeared are not in any place I would bump into. I m a 21 year old otherwise healthy female. The only concering aspect of my medical history is that my mother, my half-sister, and my grandfather on my father s side have all died from cancer . Two cases of melanoma and one of colon cancer. Could the bruising be a result of my sore throat? Or should I be seeing a doctor?
Hi, wondering whether or not you think its possible my pregnancy is still viable? Ive neever had any real symptoms other than going to the toilet more. My LMP was 22 October, I did my first pregnancy test on 26th December, strong positive, did another one one new years eve with a clearblue test and it said 1-2 weeks pregnant and said to add 2 weeks on for how doctor would date it. Did yet another test due to no symptoms on 14th January which said 3+ weeks and again to add 2 weeks for doctors dates. I paid for a private scan on the 21st January and they believed by the size it was only 5 weeks 3 days, 10days on and still no crmaping,no bleeding and no symptoms?
Bruised and torn muscles around ribs in auto accident. X-rays showed no fracture or break. Pain is pretty bad.  Does pain radiate to breasts.  When bending which I cannot avoid sometimes I get a shooting burning feeling in the breast on the side that the ribs are bruised
HELLO i AM 33 YRS OF AGE, IM 510 AND WEIGH 225 POUNDS. I HAVE AN INFECTED WISDOM TOOTH AND IM CURRENTLY IN THE ER AWAITING TO SEE THE DOC. I AM ALLERGIC TO PENICILLIN, WHAT OTHER MEDS ARE OUT THERE THAT WILL WORK JUST AS GOOD AS PENICILLIN FOR MY SITUATION.
I brought my son home from nursery this evening and noticed a red spot on his right leg inner thigh since then i have changed my son again and have noticed there are several more appearing some with yellow heads on theyve grown quiet big n look angry red
Started out with burning sensation after ejaculation and then progressed to burning sensation on and off with slight pains in the penis and groin area that come and go that seemed to be relieved by ibuprofen . also have more frequent urges to pee. The burning after ejaculation is gone but still have the feeling of having to pee constantly.
Hi, My boyfriend has been having stomach pains the past few days, he thought he ate something bad, but now hes unsure. He hasn t really been eating the past few days because the food doesn t seem like it wants to stay down. He feels like he may want to throw up but doesn t, its like he may want to use the bathroom but doesn t really get the urge
Im in a lot of pain in my stomach, abdominal pain, and chest pain! I woke up this morning with some swelling in my face, lips swollen! Since October 2008 Ive been having breathing problems, cause i was working around chemicals and fumes! I wa put off work in June 2009 and forgot one important thing my gallbladder was removed in August 2009 with gallstones in it and the doctors thought at that time that my liver and kidney was damaged as well due to the fact of how bad my gallbladder was! But Thank God my liver and kidney at that time was okay! Can someone try to explain to me or try to help me on whats going on with me! Ive been to a few doctors and I feel that no one shouldnt suffer like Im suffering!
hello recently I have developed a rather sharp pain above my naval. I have looked into a bacterial infection and have been cleaning it with alcohol and to no success. the pain has traveled and hurts in a 3 inch diameter above my groin and to the right a tad. I have also looked into an umbilical hernia but I am a bit skeptical, and I am not sure it is appendicitis.
My 9 year old daughter is complaining of chest pains.  She says that it feels like something is stuck in her chest. She is pretty healthy although I just took her to the doctor because in the last year there has been rapid weight gain.  She is 95 lbs whereas a year ago she was 68 lbs.  As of yesterday she is 55 inches tall.
my wife is in remission for lupus but is still on prednisilone.she now has adrenal fatigue,but due to taking prednisolone cant have her hormones tested.she has been told to up her prednisolone doseage full stop.she has osteoporosis and does not want to incresase her preds.
What is he progression of mantle cell lymphoma? My 74 year old husband had only 2 treatments when the oncologist determined the treatment was not working...his platelets were 72 and his WBC was 358,000. They basically told him to go home and die. That was a month ago. He has become steadily weaker. He has an appetite, but cannot eat much at one sitting. He has edema in his feet. He is now complaining of a pain in his upper right quadrant; somewhere around his under arm and radiates to the back of his shoulder blades.We are totally clueless.
Hi my left bottom wisdom tooth is coming through and painful but also my lymph nodes are swallen and soar Im sure its perconitus but I also have like a large patch on my cheek which looks like what I can only describe as acny like on my left cheek. , is this normal and can it be treat without a dentist
I have been having moderate headaches for quite some time - pain mainly in the back of the head - high on the left side. Is it worth an MRI? Pain meds seem to help but the pain often radiates to other parts of the head. I do have a swelling on the left side of my neck which my physician said was not serious.
A friend went to the emergency room this past Monday morning with severe flu-like symptoms. On Thursday, she was diagnosed with meningitis. On Friday afternoon, it was determined to be viral, and she was rereleased with instructions to stay home and rest for 1 week. Yesterday she was beginning to feel better, but is not feeling as well today as yesterday. Is this fall back today a normal part of the recovery process, or Is it a sign of a possible relapse? Should she perhaps be gotten back to the hospitals? Thanks for your time.
Hello, my wife has been dealing with left leg pain and weakness for the past 15 years. Recently my wife developed left arm, face and tongue weakness and numbness. She was diagnosed with a 5mm Chiari malformation and was given steroids to relieve migraines. After seeing a neurosurgeon she was told she was ineligible for surgery and has been told that she may be making up the symptoms in her head. We don t believe that, basically her left leg, arm and now face experiences pain and weakness and we have no idea why. She was tested for MS but with no lesions and multiple side symptoms that was rules out. Any advice you can provide would be appreciated.
What does this mean, Delayed planar images demonstrate mild uptake within the left L4-L5 region.SPECT -CT of the lumbar spine was obtained. This demonstrates no evidence of disc uptake however, there is very mild facet uptake at L4-L5 on the left. Hypertrophic facet degenerative changes seen in the region on nondiagnostic CT.
I recently found out that I was pregnant, I told my boyfriend about it.  He always jokes about me getting pregnant so was not expecting his answer.  He wants me to have an abortion.  I went through the consultation for the abortion and just strongly disagree with it.  I told him about this feeling and continually have nightmares about it.  He does not want to hear this and is gong ho about this abortion.  I feel even if it was an accident why are we killing this baby, it was not its fault it was conceived and now i feel its my job to protect it but I am scared about just up and leaving, he has threatened that if i leave he will find me and take my baby that he does not want and raise it with his ex.  what should I do
I fell approx. 9 years ago on my coccyx. I now have pain from coccyx area that radiates to both hips when I walk. It happens if I am up on my feet all day, but stops when I sit down. I have spoken to my doctor, but he thinks it may be weak stomach muscles. What is your opinion? Thank you. I am 62 years old.
Hi..my baby is one month old...he cries a lot at night...sumtimes he s inconsolable...he s on breastfeed n top feed..we burp him regularly Aftr every Feed...still he cries a lot..we hav been suggested by our friends to give neopeptine as a mild dose n colicaid only if necessary ..wht do you suggest ...our doctor refused. Us fr any medicine.
Hi, one of the bumps right at the back of my tongue (lingual tonsil area) is a yellowy  colour, not pink like the rest.i was looking because i have a bug at the moment and a congested throat/nose...now i am manically googling tumors! Any idea what it could be?
My husband suffered a stroke in Oct 2016. In the beginning his attitude was bad, he cussed at the nurses and physically fought with them, when he was in a acute hospital the Dr gave him Ridlin it helped, then he was transferred to a skilled nurses rehab place. The Dr there gave him SEROQUEL, he is better but looks and is tired and the therapist say he is sleepy and I don t think he gets a good session. The state of Ca will no let them use RIDLIN. Help! he is coming home and I would like a better mood med. Judie Denney
I feel fine in the morning and all day but for the last two days I have been getting very dizzy at the end of the day, around 4:30 to 5:00 and a little lightheaded. I havent changed any eating patterns or anyhing, what is the most common cause for random dizziness?
I have had severe lower back pain around L-5 on my left side. I have been on meds 400 ml ibuprofin for approx. 1 year, now the pain has traveled down my left leg and I have had to increase the meds as needed. Aprox. 5 years ago i fell down a small flight of stairs with approx. 25 lbs in hand. I struck the last step on the right side of my buttox which caused an enormous contusion superficially. However, I have had lasting pain in the area but no one has been able to identify the source. I believe that the injury on the right side has eventually caused the continuous pain on the left
My Son persuing Engg course is 22 years now was suffering a few years back from low confidence, fear,  self defeat, thinks all are talking about him had recovered, now is back in same mental frame, has confusion, indecision, weird feelings like his pennis is small, shrinking & may severe off, please help
I have been very anxious the last couple days and my heart rate has been high. It has been over 130bpm at some points and then as low as 80 when I am relaxed. I have panic attacks but usually my heart rate does not get that high. Could his be dangerous?
hi,,,,,i am 32 years old woman....trying to conceive from last 1 year.....got the follicular study done couple of times and was found ok....now my doc has referred me for iui....please let me know what could be the reason for not conceiving after every thing being normal.... my hsg test was also normal..
I have pain in my left arm,feels like muscle when I rotate my arm to the right and lift up its sharp. Shoveling snow today didn t help and now its a steady throb. not sure if a xray will help or if I m going to have to have a mri . it s been going on for at least a month or longer.
My mother in law is in remission from limited stage small cell lung cancer and she wants a partial hip replacement. Her doctors gave her clearance for the surgery but I m afraid she won t heal well. will this surgery possibly cause her to relapse with cancer due to stress on her body?
I m looking at the effects of low blood pressure starting the day 97/61 with a heart beat of 64. Movement to cerebral biofeed through oxygenated hike in the trails of autumn under rainy and 10 degrees conditions. What I find consistent is; only after a sweated workout do I sense the pathological pain pressures of the left parietal quadrant; that quadrant is completely separated and pain in persistent. The reason for the workout is for picking up the chi energy of the 4 oclock cycle.
Dear Dr Candan. I would like to ask you you how you read the following values for my semen? How is the potential for using these values of semen to make an egg pregnant : Volume 1.5 Sperm concentration (mill/mL) 38 Rapid linear progressive (A) 00,0 Slow/ Non-linear progressive (B) 09,0 Non-progressive 08,0 Non-motile 83,0
Had blood tests and ultrasound done for abd pain - found nothing. Have now got it into my head that I have hodgins disease because i am also slightly itchy
dear sir/mam, i had my last period on 28th dec 2010, till now i didnt get periods, i undergone pregnancy test its negative, so my dr referred me take meprate 10 mg now i m takiing , last two days i m getting guiltiness and i felt may be am i pregnancy?
I had a severe allergic reaction to an ant bite about a week and a half ago. Blood pressure dropped to 70/63 and was rushed to the ER and was given loads of Benadryl, went through 2 bags of fluid and had to be put on oxygen. I m still very tired though, I have this running exhaustion feeling. My question is- how long is this supposed to last? Is it normal for me to be feeling so tired?
My 13 year old daughter has what appears to be her lower left side rib sticking out.Like a lump where last rib would normally be. She has had it for a few months and it seems to be getting worse. (Sticking out more).She says it is a little tender. She is about 25lbs passed her goal wieght.
Hi, my daughter has super ventricular Tachycarida. She gets really short of breath when just taking the stairs at school so she used to use an elevator key, but the school took it away. Is there anything that she can do to help her breathing at school and at home?
thankz doc vel i hav an allergy from last five years ma lyf z like hell could u plz sugest how ma swellin vil go bcoz sometime i hav severe headache breathin problem chest congesion ma complexion z gettin dark plz sugest ma nose vz very pointed nw d adenoisz r grown plz recommend somethin n ur num
Hi how are you doing? I have a question about my health, I just went to a doctor this afternoon and he found out that I have a h pilori desease, just wondering it can be detect where I might get this? My employer has this kind of desease, is it possible that she gave this to me?
Several weeks ago, I treated myself with over the counter meds for what I thought was a nasty yeast infection.  Then, the following week, my husband complained of itching and a red rash in and on his genitals, but he didnt do/take anything and it went away.  Now, I have what I think is a yeast infection again.  Could we be passing a yeast infection or something else back and forth?  What can I do to make this go away?  I have endometriosis.  Am I more likely to just get lots of yeast infections?
Hi Doctor, I 36 year old male India, suffering from  amobasis since last 17 years. I taken lot of antiboitec but it is not full cure. Now i am toomuch frustarated and i dont want to take any english medicine. If you have any herbal medicine i can take forever to avoid this bloody amobasis. Please help me doctor.
I was diagnosed with scoliosis when i was in middle school. I am now 23. I have days when my back hurts all day. I work as a nursing assistant. I have a back brace that i bought. Its not a medical brace just a ordinary brace. Do i need to follow up and have it rechecked since its been a while since a doctor last looked at my back.
I FEEL SURE MY HUSBAND HAS HAD AND IS STILL HAVING MINI STROKES. WE HAVE HAD EVERY TEST DONE THAT THE DOCTOR ASK, THE LAST THING SUGGESTED WAS ANOTHER MRI OF HIS BRAIN BUT IT HAS NOT BEEN SCHEDULED YET. WHAT SHOULD I DO AND HOW SOON IS IT NECESSARY. HE CANNOT WALK HIS LEFT LEG IS NUMB AND HE IS HAVING TROUBLE KNOWING WHEN HE IS USING THE BATHROOM, BOTH URINATING AND BOWEL MOVEMENTS. HE STAYS CONFUSED ALL THE TIME .